=pod

=encoding utf8
 
=head1 NAME

B<lsb-scanner>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<lsb-scanner -m [pre|post] -p E<lt>programE<gt>>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In C<pre> mode, reads in the LSB header information from the head of an init
script and records it in C</etc/sysconfig/lsb_scanner.E<lt>programE<gt>.conf>.
	
In C<post> mode, it reads in the LSB header information from the 
C</etc/sysconfig/lsb_scanner.E<lt>programE<gt>.conf> file, if it exists. It 
then reads in the existing C</etc/init.d/E<lt>programE<gt>> and compares the 
LSB header. For each line in the init script, it checks for a differing value
in the config file. If one or more differences are found, the init script will
be written back out with the new values.

When needed, the init script's C<mode> will be set to 'read-write' by the
C<root> user. The original mode will be restored before exit.

=head1 SWITCHES

=head2 C<-m>, C<--mode>

This sets the mode. It must be C<pre> or C<post>.

=head3

C<pre> sets the mode to "Pre-Scan" mode. The existing E<lt>programE<gt> init
script will be examined and it's values recorded in the lsb config file. Any
existing values in the config file will be overwritten.

C<post> set the mode to "Post-Write" mode. The config file will be read and
compared against the existing init script. If differences are found, the init
script will be re-written if changes are made.

=head2 C<-p>, C<--program>

This sets the name of the program being worked on. It must match the name of
the init script. If the init script is not found, the program will exit.

=head1 EXAMPLES

C<lsb_scanner -m pre -p clvmd>

Read in the C</etc/init.d/clvmd> LSB information and store it in
C</etc/sysconfig/lsb_scanner.clvmd.conf>.

B<lsb_scanner -m post -p clvmd>

Read in C</etc/sysconfig/lsb_scanner.clvmd.conf> and update the LSB header in 
C</etc/init.d/clvmd> if necessary.

=head1 LOGS

The log file C</tmp/lsb_scanner.log> is created or appended to.

=head1 BUGS

None known, many expected. Send bugs to L<digimer@alteeve.com>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://github.com/digimer/lsb-scanner>

L<http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Packaging/SysVInitScript>

L<http://refspecs.freestandards.org/LSB_4.0.0/LSB-Core-generic/LSB-Core-generic/iniscrptact.html>

L<http://wiki.alteeve.com/index.php/lsb-scanner>

=head1 LICENSE
 
 Copyright (c) 2010 Alteeve's Niche!. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GPL v2 or higher.

=cut
